Add section about passing all assigns to pitfalls docs (#2998)
phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view: guides/server/assigns-eex.md

</div>
```

> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Inlined variables in`~H` templates

```

<% end %>
```

> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Forwarding all assigns to child components

```

Sometimes you might want to pass all assigns from one function component to

> another. For example, imagine you have a `card` component that is quite
> complex and has a header, content and footer section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
another. For example, imagine you have a complex `card` component with 
header, content and footer section.
```

  ...
end
```

Because of the way function components track changes, the above code will
not work as expected. When any assign changes, even if it is only used in
one of the child components, all three components will be re-rendered,
leading to a large diff over the wire.

Generally, you should avoid passing all assigns and instead be explicit about
which assigns the child components need:

```elixir
def card(assigns) do
  ~H"""
  <div class="card">
    <.card_header title={@title} class={@title_class} />
    <.card_body>
      <%= render_slot(@inner_block) %>
    </.card_body>
    <.card_footer on_close={@on_close} />
  </div>
  """
end
```

If you really need to pass all assigns you should instead use the regular
function call syntax:

```elixir
def card(assigns) do
  ~H"""
  <div class="card">
    <%= card_header(assigns) %>
    <%= card_body(assigns) %>
    <%= card_footer(assigns) %>
  </div>
  """
end
```

This ensures that the change tracking information from the parent component
is passed to the child components. In this case, changing an assign that is
only used in one child component will only re-render the parts of the component
that changed.

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Recap
```

Maybe summary? "Summing up" ?
